hello viewers this is a que wasps and
welcome to another one of my money
making many guides from scratch this is
a video response to ruin sharks
challenge called make it back from your
hack and the premise is to start off
with zero gold and 0 items as if you had
just been hacked and make as much money
as you can one hour and therefore I kind
of I that the part a the Part B Part A
was all the initial money-making which
you can see if you follow the link on
screen and or in the description and
Part B I am making a series of doing a
whole bunch of different techniques to
try and maximize remaining money so in
the first 23 minutes I made 460 some
cake and use that money to purchase
whatever equipment I need so that I can
go ahead and try a different
money-making method for the remaining 37
minutes alright so in this video I
attempted to do khayat hunting because
Khayat sore saber-toothed cats are a
hundred creature that is very profitable
because their furs are worth 10k apiece
and they're not very great experience
for especially not for high-level hunter
I must even though 91 hunter is my
lowest skill 9100 still is a pretty high
level anyways so the the first worth 10k
and I did a price check against the
other hunting or hunter creatures
pitfall trap creatures I guess you would
call them and of low rupiah's and
derek's and the other ones the D kya
that was definitely the most high value
or has the highest value associated with
any way so i sold my gear or sold
whatever items i had on me and liquid a
that into the kayak camouflage to help
me hunt and then also the teasing sticks
because that's absolutely compulsory for
hunting kites and then i also got a full
inventory and a fully actual of blogs
now i chose to i believe any logs will
work so i chose to use the willow logs
because there's cheapest logs that which
are available at
10 GP at the moment so that uh you know
that saved me a little bit but not the
biggest deals anyways ran over to the
kayaks or ran over to the fairy ring and
use the Turing to get the kites I
proceeded to pitfall trap them it took
me about four or five minutes of prep
work so I had about a little over a half
hour remaining to do all the trappings
and they're there they're really a pain
I I never really realized how much of a
pain they actually are they keep getting
stuck behind rocks and they're really
not great experience they are profitable
I'll give them that but there they are a
pain to do basically you are there's
three pitfalls or serve or because
ditches whatever you would like to call
them and you are you poke at these
saber-tooth beasts with your teasing
stick and then they follow you and they
attack you for about 50 damage which I
didn't think would actually be much but
it turned out to add up to quite a bit
actually died at the end the video got
back to my grave and looted it from
items back before the timer and out but
I was actually surprised that they they
hit as often as they do perhaps I just
wasn't doing it to be honest I wasn't
doing a very good job of trying to avoid
the hist because I did underestimate
their their damage potential anyways the
biggest are not short coming but the the
problem with or an issue with kayaks is
that they don't always drop their good
fer they always drop big bones and they
about I don't know if it's about half a
time but it seems to be pretty random
they dropped heady fur or like their
actual good time / and heady fur is
worthless it's worth 18gp to be specific
which is worthless ah the big bones are
at least worth 500 GTS so I mean that's
a that adds up a little bit but I mean
that's not really anything to write home
about but it does add up I suppose but
it's the it's a good fur which is the
desirable loot which is worth about 10k
piece and that's that's how I ended up
with my final sum of money which was I
believe
744 k and i also got lucky because i
completely forgot about implants so
there happened to be a ninja in plank
flying around the area that i looted on
the way over to the kya and got to onyx
bolts from now these were an enchanted
onyx bolts or even if they were not sure
how much more they'd be worth but it
adds about 17 k to my total value which
was nice for you know about a few
seconds of clicking but i'll get out
that the whole point of doing these
these skilling challenges meaning a
hunter and the runecrafting one is that
i intend them to do not lock base
because they're consistent profit so if
you just ignore that 17k i got out of
the the templates it's pretty consistent
hunter profit well anyways that's my
whole video and i hope you enjoy
watching guys but it up because yeah
there's there's not it's not the most
exciting thing in the world and go ahead
and check out the rest of my playlist
which is will soon be populated with
additional Part B endings to this
challenge meaning how I foresee spending
my initial profits to make more money in
the remaining 37 minutes of the
challenge and upcoming videos were
included rear crafting and gay endemic
beasts if you have additional ideas for
something you'd like to see me attempt
or you think something may be a lot more
worthwhile go ahead and leave me a
comment as it ready stands obviously
runecrafting again during Buse of two
things i plan to do but i'm thinking it
might be worthwhile to go ahead and down
to the pyro pyro pyro pyro i'm not sure
how you pronounce it but the the
implying maze and that might actually be
a pretty decent way of making some money
with hunter again experience rates are
not important for this this is just
trying to get as much money in a very
short period of time
I hope you enjoyed the video and have a
great day